Add pr template (#1661)
neo-project/neo: .github/pull_request_template.md

> Closes ISSUE_NUMBER

Reviewer: Looks good to me, this is the same template we approved before.

However, you improved some parts @Tommo-L.
I like the "// If need the help of test team, please describe the test scenario."

On the other hand, the requirement to open an Issue is not so good to me. This can be optional and indicated as a good practice.

**How to test and verify the impact of these changes?**

// If need the help of test team, please describe the test scenario.

**Where in the software does this update applies to?**

- Consensus 
- Ledger
- Plugins
- P2P (TCP)
- RPC (HTTP)
- Smart Contract / Interop Service
- Wallet
- Other (specify)

**Checklist**

- [ ] Did you add tests covering your changes?
- [ ] Did you run `dotnet format`?

> - [ ] Did you open issue and pr for the affected module?

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] If you have time, could you help open issue or pr for the affected module?
```
@vncoelho  how about this?

Closes ISSUE_NUMBER

> **Change summary**

Reviewer 2: If it will have a issue, we can avoid this
